There is a new technology being considered that will help treat glioblastoma cancer tumors in the brain. Nanofibers have been developed  to move tumors away from harmful portions of the brain. They take into consideration considers the tumor's nature and takes advantage of it to reduce the risk of it spreading. It could provide a long-term treatment of this cancer that does not involve invasive chemicals or radiation.

Researchers started working on the solution by taking a closer look at the problem itself. Glioblastoma cancer forms in the brain, often in places that are difficult to operate on. However, it has a unique way of spreading through the body- it travels to different sections of the brain by following and travelling along nerves and blood vessels. In order to combat these tumors,  researchers at Georgia Tech developed nanofibers that mimic the fibers that the tumors normally follow when they travel. The path these fibers create has less resistance than normal nerves, therefore making it the most attractive option. It requires less energy to take, so this path will be the ideal one for the tumor to take. Doctors can guide the tumors away from important parts of the brain and into sections that are easier to operate on. The tumor can then be either removed or destroyed slowly. This method can control the tumor from growing out of control. Patients could potentially live with the tumor without having to have it removed. The nanofiber technology also eliminates any need for harmful chemicals or radiation treatment. They have tested it on rats, and those who received the nanofiber treatment had significantly smaller tumors because of it. It has not been tested on humans, but the prospects are hopeful.

In conclusion, the nanofiber technology has the potential to dramatically reduce brain tumors and allow for them to be removed even when they were originally in locations that were too dangerous to operate on. Another advantage of this technology is that it took a different approach to the same old problem. It used research to learn more about the problem itself and took advantage of the properties that this specific cancer possessed. I believe this method could be a great one to use in the future.
